Its been a strange day, and Im not even sure where to start. I guess the mornings as good a place as any. I woke up earlier than usual, not because I wanted to, but because Mom forgot to close the blinds last night. The sunlight streamed in like some kind of golden alarm clock, pulling me out of my dream. I dont even remember what the dream was about, just that it felt nice. Waking up wasnt so nice.

Anyway, I dragged myself out of bed and tried to avoid stepping on the chaos that is my room. My soccer cleats were tangled with my school bag strap, and a half-read comic book was lying open on my desk. Sometimes I think my rooms messiness reflects my brain-a jumble of random, half-finished ideas and plans.

Breakfast was the usual scene. My little sister, Emma, was sitting at the counter, already halfway through a bowl of cereal and babbling about her art project. Something about macaroni and glitter. I tuned her out after she used the word "unicorn" for the third time. Mom was rushing around with her coffee mug in one hand and her phone in the other, talking to someone about her work deadlines. Dad was nowhere to be seen, probably already off to his job downtown.

I scarfed down some toast and an apple, grabbed my stuff, and biked to school. The air was sharp and cold, the kind that makes your lungs feel alive when you breathe it in. I kind of like that about winter, even if I hate the slush and the way it turns my sneakers into soggy disasters.

School was... school. I guess it was fine. We had a science test in second period, which I think I did okay on. The questions about the water cycle were easy, but the stuff about chemical bonds? Total mystery. I wrote down what I could remember from last nights cramming session, but honestly, Im not holding my breath for an A.

Lunch was the best part of the day, as usual. I sat with my best friends, Ryan and Luis, in our usual spot by the window. Luis was going on about this crazy idea he has for a YouTube channel-something about building homemade gadgets. He even showed us a sketch he made of a soda-can launcher. Its probably illegal, but it looked cool. Ryan, of course, was more focused on trying to get Sarahs attention. She sits two tables away from us, always surrounded by her friends. Ryans been in love with her since seventh grade, but he still hasnt worked up the courage to talk to her.

After lunch, we had gym class, and for once, it didnt suck. We played indoor soccer, and my team crushed it. I even scored two goals, which felt amazing. Coach said something about how I should try out for the school team next year. I dont know. I love playing soccer, but the idea of being on a team seems like a lot of pressure.

The rest of the day was a blur of classes and homework assignments. By the time the final bell rang, I was more than ready to head home. But as I was unlocking my bike, I noticed something weird. This kid-hes probably in ninth grade-was sitting on the curb by himself, looking really upset. His names Ethan, I think. Ive seen him around, but weve never talked. I almost just rode away, but something made me stop.

"Hey," I said, walking over. "You okay?"

Ethan looked up, his eyes red and puffy. He shrugged and mumbled something I couldnt hear.

I sat down next to him, even though the curb was freezing. "You dont have to tell me if you dont want to, but... if you do, Im here."

He hesitated for a moment before saying, "Its just... some guys were being jerks. They took my hat and threw it in a puddle."

"That sucks," I said, because what else could I say?

We sat there for a while, not really talking, just existing in the same space. Eventually, Ethan stood up and said, "Thanks. For sitting with me." I nodded, and he walked away. I dont know if it made much of a difference, but I hope it did.

When I got home, Emma was in the middle of turning the living room into an art studio. There was glitter everywhere. I mean everywhere. Mom wasnt home yet, and Dad was locked in his office, so I guess it was up to me to make sure she didnt accidentally glue herself to the couch.

After dinner, I went up to my room to start on my homework, but my brain was still stuck on Ethan. I couldnt stop thinking about how lonely he looked. Middle schools hard enough without people going out of their way to make you feel small. I wonder if I should have said more, or done something to make him laugh.

Its weird, though. Even as Im writing this, Im realizing that I felt good about talking to him. Like, maybe it wasnt much, but it was something. And sometimes, something is enough.

Now its late, and I should probably go to bed. Ive got another busy day tomorrow-science homework to finish, a soccer game to look forward to, and who knows what else. But for now, Im just glad I took a moment to stop and sit with Ethan. Maybe tomorrow will bring another chance to do something that matters, even if its small.

Goodnight, Diary.
