Today was... strange, to say the least. It started off pretty normal, though. The alarm buzzed like usual, and I rolled out of bed, groggy and half-awake. Mom didnt have to yell this time because I actually got up on time. A rare occurrence, I know. Breakfast was toast and scrambled eggs, which is better than those oatmeal pancakes from yesterday. Dad was already gone-again. I cant even remember the last time he sat down for breakfast with us.

The bus ride to school was boring for once. Danny and Chris werent arguing about anything, which is almost unheard of. Instead, Danny was staring out the window, and Chris was glued to his phone. Even Emily was quieter than usual. She had her headphones in, bobbing her head to some song I couldnt hear. I kept looking out the window, too. The sky was this weird shade of gray, like it couldnt decide if it wanted to rain or just stay cloudy.

First period was math again. Mr. Gonzalez handed back our quizzes from yesterday, and, surprise, I didnt do as badly as I thought. I got a B-minus, which isnt great, but its not terrible either. He gave us another lecture about the importance of fractions, and I zoned out halfway through. I started doodling in the margins of my notebook, just little sketches of dragons and knights. Mr. Gonzalez didnt notice, thankfully.

English was more interesting. We had a class discussion about To Kill a Mockingbird, and for once, I actually felt like speaking up. I said something about how Scouts innocence makes the story more powerful, and Mrs. Thompson nodded like Id just said the most brilliant thing ever. Marcus rolled his eyes, but I didnt care. It felt good to contribute for a change.

Things got weird after lunch. It started during gym class. Coach Parker decided wed play dodgeball, which usually means I spend the entire game hiding behind other people and hoping not to get hit. But today, something came over me. I actually started throwing the ball, and not just randomly-I was aiming. I even managed to get Danny out, which is a big deal because hes practically a dodgeball legend. Everyone cheered, and for a split second, I felt like one of the cool kids. Of course, Chris nailed me in the stomach right after, but still, it was worth it.

After gym, I had science, and this is where things got really strange. We were supposed to be watching a video about the water cycle, but halfway through, the projector broke. While Mr. Clarke was trying to fix it, I looked out the window and saw this huge bird sitting on the fence outside. It wasnt a crow or a hawk or anything normal. It was massive, with shiny black feathers that seemed to shimmer blue in the light. Its eyes were bright yellow, almost glowing. It felt like it was staring right at me.

I nudged Alex and pointed it out, but by the time he looked, the bird was gone. He gave me this weird look like Id imagined it. Maybe I did? I dont know. But it felt real.

The rest of the day was normal-ish. History was boring, and I spent most of it trying to sketch the bird I saw. I couldnt get it right, though. The eyes were the hardest part. No matter how many times I tried, I couldnt capture the way they looked. By the time the final bell rang, I was more than ready to go home.

On the bus ride back, I couldnt stop thinking about that bird. I even asked Danny if hed ever seen anything like it, but he just laughed and said I was probably hallucinating. Chris suggested it was an alien in disguise, which made everyone laugh. I didnt bother asking anyone else.

When I got home, Mom was in the kitchen baking cookies. She said they were for the family reunion this weekend, but she let me have one fresh out of the oven. Chocolate chip-my favorite. For a moment, everything felt normal again. I went to my room, dropped my bag on the floor, and pulled out my sketchpad.

I spent the next hour trying to draw the bird again. This time, I think I got closer. The eyes still werent perfect, but the feathers looked right. I added a few trees in the background to make it look like it was perched in a forest instead of on a fence. When I was done, I stared at it for a while, wondering if Id ever see it again.

Dinner was quiet. Dad wasnt home yet, and Mom seemed tired. She asked about school, and I gave her the usual "It was fine" answer. I thought about telling her about the bird, but I didnt. Shed probably just say it was my imagination.

After dinner, I did my homework, though my mind kept wandering. What if the bird wasnt just a bird? What if it really was something... more? I know it sounds crazy, but the way it looked at me, it felt like it was trying to tell me something. Maybe Ive been reading too many fantasy novels. Or maybe not.

Now its late, and Im lying here writing this. I cant stop thinking about the bird. What if it comes back? What if its still out there, watching me? I know its probably nothing, just a weird coincidence. But part of me hopes its not. Part of me hopes it means something.

Anyway, I guess thats it for today. Nothing too exciting happened, except for the bird. Maybe tomorrow will be different. Maybe Ill see it again. For now, Im going to try to sleep, though I doubt Ill be able to. My mind wont stop racing.

Goodnight, diary.