This day felt like a rollercoaster-the kind where youre not sure if youre thrilled or terrified. It started pretty normal, though. I woke up to the sound of Mom humming in the kitchen. Thats usually a good sign. Breakfast was waffles with syrup, which is definitely an upgrade from toast. Dad was home this morning, but he looked tired and distracted. He kept checking his phone like he was expecting bad news. Hes always busy with work, but today felt different. I wanted to ask if everything was okay, but I didnt.

The bus ride to school was chaotic. Danny and Chris were back to their usual bickering, but this time it was about who would win in a fight: a lion or a bear. Emily chimed in, saying a tiger would beat both, which only made them argue more. I didnt join in; I was too busy staring out the window, hoping to catch another glimpse of that bird from yesterday. No luck, though.

First period was history, and Mr. Keegan was in a surprisingly good mood. He started class with a joke about George Washingtons dentures, which actually got a few laughs. Were learning about the American Revolution, and I have to admit, its more interesting than I expected. Did you know some soldiers were as young as fourteen? Its crazy to think kids my age were fighting in wars back then. It made me wonder what Id do if I were in their shoes. Probably not fight. Id be the guy hiding behind a tree.

Lunch was when things started to get weird again. I was sitting with Danny, Chris, and Emily when I felt this strange tingling on the back of my neck. Like when someones watching you. I turned around, and there it was-the bird. It was perched on the edge of the schools roof, staring right at me. Its eyes were the same piercing yellow as before, and for a moment, everything else seemed to fade away. I nudged Danny, but by the time he looked, the bird flew off.

"Dude, are you okay?" he asked, looking concerned. I just shrugged and said it was nothing, but inside, I felt like the universe was playing some kind of game with me.

After lunch, we had gym again. Today, it was relay races, which I usually hate because Im not the fastest runner. But something weird happened. When it was my turn, I ran faster than I ever have before. Im not saying I broke any records or anything, but even Coach Parker seemed impressed. He clapped me on the shoulder and said, "Good hustle, kid." That felt... nice. Danny joked that maybe the bird had given me superpowers. We all laughed, but part of me wondered if he might be right.

Science class was next, and Mr. Clarke seemed more stressed than usual. He kept muttering about deadlines and missing equipment. We were supposed to do an experiment with magnets, but half of the materials were missing, so we ended up just watching a video about the Earths magnetic field. I kept glancing out the window, hoping to see the bird again. No luck this time, though.

When school finally ended, I decided to take the long way home. Theres this little park a few blocks from my house with a pond and lots of trees. I thought maybe the bird might be there. It wasnt, but the walk was nice. The air smelled like rain, even though the clouds hadnt decided to actually deliver any yet. I sat by the pond for a while, just thinking. About the bird, about Dads distracted expression this morning, about everything.

When I got home, Mom was on the phone with Aunt Lisa, probably finalizing plans for the family reunion. She waved at me and smiled but kept talking. I went to my room and pulled out my sketchpad again. I tried drawing the bird one more time, and I think I finally got it right. The eyes still werent perfect, but they were closer. I added more detail to the feathers, making them shimmer with that strange bluish-black hue. Im not sure why, but drawing it makes me feel calmer, like Im unraveling some kind of mystery.

Dinner was awkward. Dad was home, but he barely said a word. Mom kept trying to make conversation, but he only gave short answers. I asked if everything was okay at work, and he just said, "Its fine." But I dont think it is. After dinner, he went straight to his office and shut the door. Mom looked like she wanted to say something, but she didnt. I hate seeing them like this.

Now Im in bed, writing this. I cant stop thinking about the bird. Why does it keep showing up? What does it want? Part of me feels like its trying to tell me something, but I have no idea what. Maybe tomorrow will bring some answers. Or maybe just more questions. Either way, Ill be looking for it.