This morning started like any other-a muffled groan as my alarm dragged me out of bed. Saturdays should be for sleeping in, but today, Mom had different plans. Shed signed me up to help with the community garden cleanup, something Id totally forgotten about until she knocked on my door holding a pair of gloves and a gardening trowel.

"Up and at ‘em, Sam!" she said, way too cheerful for 8:00 AM. "Its a beautiful day to do some good."

Reluctantly, I got dressed and wolfed down a bowl of cereal. By 8:30, we were at the park where the garden was. To my surprise, a lot of people had shown up-neighbors, classmates, and even Mr. Perkins, the grumpy guy from down the street who never says hi. Everyone had their own tools and tasks, from pulling weeds to planting new flowers.

At first, I stuck with Mom, yanking out stubborn dandelions from the flower beds. My hands got dirty fast, and the sun was already beating down. Just when I thought the morning couldnt get worse, Mrs. Lopez, the project leader, called me over.

"Sam, we need help clearing some of the overgrowth near the old oak tree," she said. "Could you team up with Tyler?"

Tyler. Of all people. Hes that kid from my science class whos always showing off how much he knows. We dont exactly get along. But I nodded and walked over, finding him already at work with a rake.

"Hey," he said without looking up. "Grab those clippers. Weve got our work cut out for us."

I rolled my eyes but did as he said. For a while, we worked in silence, hacking away at the wild ivy and tall grass. To my surprise, Tyler wasnt as bossy as Id expected. In fact, he seemed pretty focused, and before long, wed cleared a decent patch. Thats when we spotted something cool.

"Is that...a birds nest?" Tyler said, pointing to a low branch on the oak tree. Sure enough, there was a nest, and inside were three tiny eggs, pale blue and speckled. We both stared at it for a moment, awestruck.

"We should leave it alone," I said.

Tyler nodded. "Yeah, but its pretty amazing, huh?"

"Yeah," I agreed.

For the first time, I felt like Tyler wasnt so bad. We ended up talking while we worked, and it turned out hes really into astronomy. He even has a telescope at home, and he offered to show me some constellations one night. I told him about my rock collection, and he said I should come over to see his meteorite fragment. Who knew we had anything in common?

By lunchtime, the garden was looking much better. Mom and a few others had set up a picnic table with sandwiches and lemonade. I sat with Tyler, and we kept chatting about random stuff, like our favorite movies and whether aliens might really exist. For the first time, I didnt feel like I had to avoid him at school anymore.

When we got home, I was wiped out but also kind of proud. Mom said Id done a great job, and Dad teased me about getting dirt in my hair. After a quick shower, I flopped onto the couch and played some video games until dinner. But even as I was battling virtual monsters, I couldnt stop thinking about the birds nest and how much fun Id actually had at the garden.

Its funny how days can surprise you. I started off dreading the morning and ended up making a new friend. Maybe community service isnt so bad after all-as long as theres lemonade and cool discoveries involved.

Goodnight, Diary.