I dont know how to start this. Its not like I sit down and write in a diary every day-seems like something theyd make us do in English class. But tonight feels heavy, and I need to put it somewhere, so here goes.

The day started off okay, I guess. I woke up early for once, which meant I had time to eat breakfast. Dad had already left for work, and Mom was flipping through her email while I ate cereal. "Dont forget about your math test," she said as I grabbed my backpack. I nodded like I hadnt been stressing about it for days.

The bus ride was... well, a bus ride. Loud kids in the back, quiet ones up front. I usually sit somewhere in the middle, where no one really bothers me. I had my headphones in and was halfway through a playlist when Tyler sat down next to me. "You ready for the game tomorrow?" he asked, grinning like he already knew my answer.

"Yeah," I said, even though I wasnt sure I meant it. Soccers always been my thing, but lately, it feels more like a chore than something I love. Tyler didnt notice-I guess he was too busy talking about strategy or whatever.

By the time I got to school, the weight of that math test was back on my shoulders. Mrs. Pratt handed out the papers with her usual chipper smile, like she wasnt about to ruin half our day. I stared at the first question, trying to focus, but my brain felt like it was moving through molasses.

I think I did okay. Not great, not terrible. But its hard to tell with math-you think youve got it, and then you find out you messed up one step and the whole things wrong.

After the test, I felt wiped out, and it was only third period. Lunch didnt help. I sat with Chris and Aaron like I always do, but they spent most of the time arguing about whether pineapple belongs on pizza. (It doesnt, by the way.) I mostly just pushed my food around and tried not to think about anything.

The afternoon dragged. History class was all about World War II, and Mr. Martinez kept asking questions no one wanted to answer. I looked out the window and watched the clouds roll in, thick and gray. It felt like they matched my mood.

Then came practice. Coach was in one of his moods-barking orders, calling people out. "Liam, hustle!" he shouted at one point. I wanted to yell back that I was hustling, but whats the point? We ran drills for what felt like forever, and by the end, my legs were jelly.

Tyler tried to hype everyone up afterward, but even he seemed tired. "Well crush them tomorrow," he said, clapping me on the shoulder. I forced a smile, but all I could think was, Do I even care if we win?

When I got home, the house was quiet. Mom was still working in her office, and Dad wasnt back yet. I microwaved some leftovers and ate in front of the TV, flipping through channels without really watching anything. Grace came home from her piano lesson and tried to show me the song shes working on, but I wasnt in the mood. She gave me a look-the one that says, "Youre a jerk," without her having to say it-and went upstairs.

Now Im sitting here, trying to figure out why everything feels... off. Its not like anything huge happened today. Just the usual stuff-school, soccer, dinner. But its like theres this knot in my chest that wont go away, and I dont know how to untangle it.

I think part of it is soccer. Ive played since I was a kid, and I used to love it. But now it feels like everyone expects me to care as much as they do, and Im not sure I do anymore. Its not that I hate it-I just dont feel the same spark. I dont know how to explain that to Tyler or Coach without them thinking Im giving up.

And then theres school. Lately, it feels like every teacher is piling on more work, like they think their class is the only one we have. Between that and soccer, its like I never have time to just breathe.

I dont even know why Im writing all this down. Maybe its because I dont feel like I can say it out loud. Tyler would just tell me to "man up," and Mom would probably start asking a million questions. Dad would try to give me one of his pep talks, which usually makes me feel worse.

But heres the thing: I dont want a pep talk. I just want someone to listen without trying to fix me.

Okay, that sounded dramatic. Maybe Ive been watching too many teen dramas with Grace. But its true.

I should probably go to bed. Tomorrows going to be a long day, and I need all the energy I can get. But before I do, Im making a promise to myself:

Talk to Grace. She didnt deserve me brushing her off earlier.
Be honest with Tyler, even if its just a little.
Take a minute-just one minute-to breathe.
The clouds are still out there, heavy and dark, but maybe tomorrow the sun will break through. Or maybe it wont. Either way, Ill be here, figuring it out one step at a time.

Goodnight, Diary.