I wasnt going to write tonight. The day was nothing special, just the same routine. But theres this thought I cant shake, and I figured maybe writing it down will help.

The morning started like every other. Alarm goes off at 6:30, I hit snooze twice, and Mom bangs on the door at 6:45, yelling that Im going to be late. By the time I dragged myself out of bed, my little brother, Jamie, had already demolished the kitchen. There were cereal crumbs everywhere, and somehow, he managed to spill milk and orange juice.

Mom was trying to clean up and pack his lunch while he ran laps around the living room. "Ethan, can you please take him to the bus stop?" she asked, looking frazzled. I grabbed my backpack and told Jamie to hurry up. He grabbed his Spider-Man lunchbox and bolted out the door like he was in the Olympics.

Walking him to the bus stop isnt bad-its only a block away-but Jamie talks nonstop. Today, it was all about his upcoming school play. Hes going to be a tree. Hes oddly proud of that. "I get to sway back and forth," he said, demonstrating with exaggerated movements. "Like this!"

When I got back home, Mom was already out the door for work, so I had the house to myself for about ten minutes before I had to leave. I made toast, ate it standing over the sink, and tried to mentally prepare for another day of school.

The bus ride was uneventful, as usual. I sat next to Nate, who was glued to his phone playing some new game. "Dude, youve got to try this," he said, shoving the screen in my face. It looked like some kind of zombie survival thing. I nodded and said, "Cool," even though I wasnt really paying attention.

At school, the day blurred together. First period was English, and were reading Of Mice and Men. Mrs. Higgins made us read aloud, which I hate because it always feels like people are judging how you read. I got through my paragraph without stumbling, but its like the whole time, I was hyper-aware of everyones eyes on me.

Math was next, and that was just frustrating. Mr. Patel went over quadratic equations again, but it still feels like a foreign language. I asked him a question, and he gave me that look, the one that says, "You should know this by now." I stopped asking after that.

Lunch was... weird. Usually, I sit with Nate and Connor, but they got into some dumb argument yesterday about whose turn it was to bring chips for our group project, so today they sat at different tables. I ended up eating alone, which wasnt the worst thing. At least no one tried to steal my fries.

The afternoon wasnt much better. Science was just notes and more notes. P.E. was dodgeball, and of course, I was one of the first people out. I just dont have that killer instinct everyone else seems to have. Watching from the sidelines, I realized how loud the gym is-echoes of shouting, shoes squeaking on the floor, the constant thud of the ball hitting walls. It felt like it was all closing in on me.

After school, I walked home instead of taking the bus. I needed the quiet, and the weather wasnt too bad-cold, but not freezing. The sky was that pale winter gray that looks like it might snow but never does. I took the long way, past the park where Jamie and I used to play when we were little. It was empty, just swings swaying in the wind.

When I got home, Jamie was already back. He was sitting at the kitchen table with a coloring book, humming some tune from his play. "How was school?" he asked without looking up. I said, "Fine," and headed to my room.

Thats where Ive been ever since. I told Mom I had homework, which isnt entirely a lie-I do have homework, but I havent touched it. Instead, Ive been sitting here, staring at the ceiling and thinking about this... heaviness.

Its not like anything bad happened today. But its like theres this fog in my brain, and no matter how hard I try, I cant clear it. I keep wondering if other people feel this way. Like, does Nate ever sit in his room and feel like hes stuck? Or Connor? Probably not. They always seem so sure of themselves, like they know exactly who they are and where theyre going.

I wish I could say the same.

Mom came in a little while ago to check on me. She asked if I was okay, and I said I was tired. She gave me that look-the one that says she doesnt believe me but doesnt want to push. "Dont stay up too late," she said before closing the door.

Now its just me, my desk lamp, and the sound of Jamie snoring down the hall. I should probably try to sleep soon, but I know as soon as I turn off the light, my minds going to start racing again.

Heres the thought I cant shake: What if this is all there is? School, homework, soccer, family dinners, repeat. Is that what lifes supposed to be? Because if it is, I dont know how I feel about it.

Maybe tomorrow will be better. Maybe not. But I guess Ill find out either way.

Goodnight, Diary.