Today was one of those days where you just feel... off. Not bad, exactly, but like somethings not quite aligned, like wearing a shirt thats a little too tight or hearing a song thats slightly out of tune. I cant explain it, but writing usually helps, so here goes.

The morning started with Dad yelling at the dog. Milo, our golden retriever, decided it would be a great idea to drag one of Dads shoes into the backyard and bury it. To be fair, Dads been leaving his shoes by the front door forever, so I dont really blame Milo for thinking they were fair game. But, of course, Dad didnt see it that way.

Mom tried to defuse the situation by offering to dig the shoe up herself, but Dad just grumbled something about responsibility and left for work. Milo, blissfully unaware of the chaos he caused, flopped onto the living room rug and started chewing one of his toys.

After that rocky start, I grabbed some toast and headed to school. The bus was as loud as ever. Kids shouting, phones blaring TikTok videos, someone laughing so hard they snorted. I put in my earbuds and tried to tune it all out. It didnt really work.

First period was history, and Mr. Edwards gave us this massive project about the Industrial Revolution. Were supposed to work in pairs, which is always a gamble. My partner ended up being Ava, whos nice but a total perfectionist. She already had a list of ideas before I even opened my notebook. "We should make a model of a steam engine," she said, as if that was a totally normal thing to suggest.

I nodded along, even though I have no clue how were going to pull that off. Maybe I can talk her into doing something easier, like a poster or a slideshow. I mean, who even knows how to build a steam engine?

The rest of the day was a blur. Math was okay-just review for the upcoming test. In art, Mrs. Greene made us sketch still lifes again. I swear, if I have to draw another bowl of fruit, Im going to lose it. At least this time, we got to choose our own objects. I drew my water bottle, which sounds boring, but I tried to make it look cool by shading it a lot.

Lunch was the usual chaos. I sat with Josh and Luke, who spent the entire time arguing about some YouTube conspiracy theory. Josh thinks the moon landing was fake. Luke thinks Josh is an idiot. I mostly stayed out of it, but Lukes right-Josh is definitely wrong.

P.E. was dodgeball again, which is basically a survival game for people like me. I managed to dodge for a while, but then Bryce, the captain of the football team, hit me square in the back. It didnt hurt much, but it was embarrassing. He smirked and said, "Nice try, Ben," like he was being a good sport, but it still stung.

After school, I had band practice. Were working on a new song for the winter concert, and Mr. Martinez is being super picky about the tempo. I play the drums, so its basically my fault if the beat is off, but I swear he was yelling at me for things that werent even my fault.

By the time I got home, I was exhausted. Mom asked how my day was, and I gave her the standard "fine" answer. She didnt press, which I appreciated. Dinner was spaghetti, which is one of the few things Jamie, my little brother, and I both like. Milo sat under the table, hoping someone would drop a meatball. Jamie gave him one when Mom wasnt looking.

After dinner, I tried to work on my English essay, but I couldnt focus. The prompt is about describing a moment that changed your life, but I cant think of anything big enough. Most of my life feels like a series of small moments, none of which seem important enough to write about.

I ended up staring at a blank document for half an hour before giving up and switching to YouTube. I watched a few drum tutorials, which made me feel slightly productive, but not really.

And now here I am, writing all this down and wondering why today felt so strange. Maybe its just one of those days. Or maybe its because the end of the year is coming up, and everyone keeps talking about resolutions and goals. Its making me think about my own, and I dont even know where to start.

Sometimes, I feel like everyone else has it figured out. Bryce knows hes going to play football in college. Avas already planning to go to MIT. Even Josh, with all his weird conspiracy theories, seems confident about who he is.

And then theres me. I like drums, but am I good enough to do anything with that? I like history, but does that mean I want to study it in college? I dont know. It feels like Im supposed to have all these answers, but I dont.

Anyway, I should probably wrap this up. Tomorrows another day, and maybe itll feel less... off. Or maybe it wont. Either way, I guess Ill deal with it.

Goodnight, Diary.
