I dont even know where to start. Today was one of those days that felt like it stretched on forever, but now that Im sitting here trying to write it all down, I cant believe its already over.

The morning started off on a bad note. My alarm didnt go off-again. I swear, if this phone gives me one more problem, Im tossing it out the window. Anyway, I woke up to Mom yelling that the bus was about to leave. I grabbed whatever clothes were on top of the laundry pile, stuffed my books in my backpack, and bolted out the door without even brushing my hair.

When I got to school, my day didnt get much better. First period was history, and Mr. Lawson decided to hand back our tests from last week. I thought I did okay, but apparently, "okay" was wishful thinking. He marked me down for some dumb formatting thing on the essay section. Honestly, who cares if I forgot to indent one paragraph? The content was good!

Second period was art, which I usually look forward to, but even that felt off today. Were working on this big group project, and my partner, Amelia, kept insisting on using glitter. Glitter! It gets everywhere, and its impossible to clean up. I tried to talk her out of it, but she just gave me that "dont be boring" look. I gave in because I didnt feel like arguing, but Im pretty sure Ill be finding glitter in my clothes for weeks.

Lunch was... chaotic. The cafeteria ran out of pizza before I got to the front of the line, so I ended up with some questionable chicken nuggets. They were so dry I thought I might choke. I spent most of lunch trying to convince Greg not to make a scene over losing at Mario Kart last night. Hes such a sore loser, but its also kind of funny watching him rant.

The rest of the day was a blur. Math was boring, as usual. Mrs. Henry kept going on about proofs, and I swear, its like she speaks a different language. In English, were reading The Great Gatsby. I actually kind of like it, but I didnt say that out loud because Alex would definitely make fun of me. He thinks liking books automatically makes you a nerd.

The best part of the day came after school. I was supposed to go straight home, but instead, I stopped by the park for a bit. It was empty, except for a couple of kids playing on the swings. I found a bench near the pond and just sat there for a while, watching the ducks paddle around. The air was crisp, and the sky was that soft, pale blue you only get in winter. It was peaceful, and I felt like I could finally breathe.

I pulled out my sketchpad and started drawing the ducks. They didnt stay still for long, so most of the sketches were just quick outlines, but it felt good to do something creative without a deadline or a grade attached to it. I think Ill go back tomorrow if the weathers nice.

When I finally got home, Mom wasnt too happy that I was late. She said something about how I need to take my responsibilities more seriously. I get it-I really do-but sometimes I just need a break, you know? Dinner was spaghetti, which was fine, but Jake (my little brother) kept slurping his noodles in the most obnoxious way possible. I told him to knock it off, and of course, Mom told me to "stop picking on him." Typical.

After dinner, I went up to my room and tried to start my homework. I couldnt focus, though. My brain kept wandering back to the park and how calm everything felt. I ended up doodling more ducks in the margins of my notebook instead of writing that chemistry lab report. Its fine-Ill do it tomorrow during study hall.

Now its late, and Im lying here listening to the rain. It started about an hour ago, soft at first, but now its coming down pretty hard. Theres something comforting about the sound of it. Like, no matter how stressful life gets, the rain just keeps falling, washing everything clean.

I dont know if today was good or bad. It was just... a day. But I think that moment at the park made it worth writing down. Maybe thats the trick-finding those small pockets of peace in the middle of the chaos.

Anyway, thats all Ive got for tonight. Hopefully, tomorrow will be better. Goodnight, Diary.